c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.xml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.baml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.baml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.baml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.baml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_Content.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.baml
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.g.resources
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
c:\users\jason\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.xml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.g.resources
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.xml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.exe
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\bin\Debug\eceshowcase.pdb
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Computer.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Electrical.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\Pages\Software.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\PageSwitcher.baml
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.g.resources
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\eceshowcase.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Jason\Documents\Courses\Softeng306\eceshowcase\eceshowcase\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
